fix(source-bing-ads)!: 🚨🚨 expand report stream primary keys (#78031)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/bing-ads-migrations.md

# Bing Ads Migration Guide

import MigrationGuide from '@site/static/_migration_guides_upgrade_guide.md';

## Upgrading to 3.0.0

> Version 3.0.0 expands the primary keys of all report streams so that they include every attribute (dimension) column the connector requests from Microsoft's reporting API. Without this fix, destinations performing incremental append+dedup silently collapsed rows that differed only on an attribute column the connector requested but did not include in the previous primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.0.0 expands the primary keys of all report streams so that they include every attribute (dimension) column the connector requests from Microsoft's reporting API. Without this fix, when the previous (narrower) primary keys were used for incremental append+dedup, destinations silently collapsed rows that differed only on a requested-but-not-in-PK attribute, causing significant data loss.
```
